What though if someone suffers from a condition that makes it difficult to focus on Bible truth at meetings family worship our personal study
In some cases we patiently wait for Jehovah's Cure in the new system
But for others like 10-year-old Jaden Schreiber
Adjustments are possible that can help them to benefit from Bible study
Jaden Saturday morning time to get a preservice
When I wake up to a ministry day, I enjoy waking up to that day
Because I look forward to it, I have fun doing the ministry with the friends
I love showing the Caleb videos to the little kids at the door
But it hasn't always been so easy
I have autism
Loud noises were really really hard for me
Like when the audience laughed or clapped
Or even crowds, like a lot of people, you just can't be around them
Because you just feel like this is too much
Family worship was difficult when I was eight or nine
And I just didn't really want to do it, it was getting all my nerves, it was just not really easy
Some days it felt impossible to go to school
There was a day when I went outside and I just like, I cannot go back in there
One time, a kid came out of nowhere and just pushed me over
Me and me feel physical pain and emotional pain
When other kids were playing without me, it just made me feel a little upset that they're leaving me out
Just made me feel a bit lonely
At first, my parents did not know how to communicate with me
I had mental and social challenges
The brothers and sisters could not understand what I was doing
My parents found out I had autism
Then as the years passed, it got easier and easier for them to communicate with me
The friends in the congregation have helped me by doing whatever they need to do to help me stay on the road to life
Some of the ways that my parents have helped me to learn about Jehovah are household activities
Like making food, going out in nature and failing worship
My parents took a new route by situating spiritual things all day long instead of one thing once or twice a week
And now, family worship cannot be better
Relation with Jehovah has helped me overcome challenges
He is also a better friend to me than ever before
By family worship, Bible reading, personal Bible reading, and I do like the whiteboard animations
Meeting a bully without using your fist, it's helped me to show how to deal with it
Actually, I was right then
I was starting to experience some bad things going on in my school
And when they started doing those whiteboard animations, it pretty much saved me
We just love him so much, he's just been such a bright spot
He loves giving pictures to people
They're a little piece of him
Whether it's a picture of a really cool car or whatever he's drawn
He's handing you a piece of himself
Well, I can remember when I was his age
I would never be up in front of that many people
Jaden has dealt with that fear
And he seems very comfortable with it now
He's not afraid to speak in front of the congregation
And the congregation is very supportive
I feel like I've been an important part of the congregation by publishing
When I took a personal interest of those time meeting the ministry
I started getting a return visit
And I started showing videos
In fact, we are studying the good news from God Rocher
Really, anytime Jaden answers, the congregation really pays attention
He speaks from his heart when he answers
And the brothers and sisters really appreciate that
It was really fun to take a trip to New York
Bethel was very fun
I got to meet some of the brothers and sisters
I also felt like it was part of something
When I was at Bethel, they helped me make a box
I don't know where that box went
But I knew I was helping somebody to come into the truth
And become closer to Jehovah
We've really seen how Jehovah has greatly blessed Jaden
Because he has his own ministry, he's able to practice his social skills
Both at the door and with the brothers and sisters that are out in service
And we really feel that Jehovah has created the perfect environment for Jaden to thrive spiritually
I can't believe that this is actually happening
That I'm actually born into Jehovah's organization
Thank you Jehovah
Jaden has a form of autism spectrum disorder
That still allows him to participate in spiritual activity
The loving help he receives from his family and congregation
Are a beautiful part of their fine works
It's our prayer that the variety of spiritual food now available
Will help others with challenging conditions to benefit from God's Word